Fix global links in Bare metal cloud dedicated servers (#8102)
ovh/docs: pages/bare_metal_cloud/dedicated_servers/firewall_network/guide.en-us.md

## Requirements

> - An OVHcloud service exposed on a dedicated public IP address ([Dedicated server](/links/bare-metal/bare-metal), [VPS](/links/bare-metal/vps), [Public Cloud instance](/links/public-cloud/public-cloud), [Hosted Private Cloud](https://www.ovhcloud.com/en/enterprise/products/hosted-private-cloud/), [Additional IP](/links/network/additional-ip), etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An OVHcloud service exposed on a dedicated public IP address ([Dedicated server](/links/bare-metal/bare-metal), [VPS](/links/bare-metal/vps), [Public Cloud instance](/links/public-cloud/public-cloud), [Hosted Private Cloud](/links/hosted-private-cloud/vmware), [Additional IP](/links/network/additional-ip), etc.)
```
